Now, in this section, you have learned how to use a promise
future channel to pass a string between two threads.
Also, you took a look at move semantics and the difference
to passing data by value and thus making a copy of it.
Now, move semantics are used very often in
concurrent programming and it helps make your code much more efficient.
So please do not shy away from it,
and also if necessary dig a bit deeper into it.
Use it especially when it comes to our value references.
This is a super useful concept and your code will benefit from it.
Now, the nice thing about using futures is that you can determine the point in
time when you want to retrieve the data by calling the Get function,
that can be very useful especially when you want to ensure
that the result is only available at a certain point in time.
Now, there are two major drawbacks of promises and futures, however.
The first one is information can only be passed into one direction,
that is from the worker to the parent,
and the second disadvantage,
they are meant for one-time use only,
promises and futures are meant for single use only.
At the later point we will talk about an alternative, but for now,
let's move on to the next section which is about
the difference between threads and tasks.
So see you there.